Docs contribution update (#71)
networktocode/netutils: README.md

- Black, Pylint, Bandit, flake8, and pydocstyle for Python linting and formatting.
- pytest, coverage, and unittest for unit tests.

There are a number of things that are required in order to have a successfull PR.

- All new functions must contain at least 1 example in their docstrings.

> - Docstrings must conform to the google docstring standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Docstrings must conform to the google docstring [convention](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html#381-docstrings).
```

- Unit test for newly added functions are required.
- If applicable, tests related to config parsing and compliuance must be added.

> - Update the jinja2 filter for any new functions.

Reviewer 2: Can you explain this a bit more?

Reviewer 2: nvm, can you just add a `(see below for details)` to the end of the doc
